c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe.config
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\olasilikOdev.pdb
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v20.1.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.1.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Drawing.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.1.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Drawing.xml
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.Form1.resources
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe.licenses
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.pdb
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.basicRand.resources
c:\users\antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.sysBasicRand.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.basicSerie.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.freqSerie.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.freqTable.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.merkeziEgilim.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.permKom.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdev\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.dagilim.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe.config
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.pdb
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\olasilikOdev.pdb
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.basicRand.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.basicSerie.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.dagilim.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.freqSerie.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.freqTable.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.merkeziEgilim.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.permKom.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.sysBasicRand.resources
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Antalya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\olasilikOdevİsmail\olasilikOdev\obj\Debug\olasilikOdev.exe.licenses
